What are the kids doing?
Get him out of my son
Let's go!
Ah!
Awesome to you
How has the execution of ministers become so severe now?
What should I do?
Shout a knife, right?
If you are fast, do you have a gun fast?
Ah bastard
Now you know you're afraid
I thought you were a boy
I'm afraid that you are also worthy of this kind of goods.
Ok don't go
No wonder you're always gone
When you're gone
Smash your mother's old bones
I'm afraid you won't have this chance.
The young minister is the heir of our regiment
You see, you are against the entire Feng family
So what?
You said Cuihua, who won't let you go?
It's not certain who won't let go of who
Son mom
Are you all right?
I'll make your house price famous in three days.
Now get out
Three days later, the Hall of Heroic Souls restarts
When the time comes, it will be clear to hook up with you.
My dad wants to see who recited it first
Hahahaha baby me
Longyang
Three days later, I went to the ceremony alone to worship
To get rid of the wicked
Emperor Chongshengdao, are you alright?
People are worried to death
Chu Chen Lao Zi will kill him sooner or later
But Chu Chen has become so powerful now
So many people can't escape him
What should we do?
Humph
Don't forget we still have an ace in hand
ace
Is it Su Xue?